EDU-3315: Update Pricing doc clarification (#3131)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/temporal-cloud/pricing.mdx

- **Side Effect recorded**.
  For a mutable [Side Effect](/workflows#side-effect), an Action occurs only when the value changes.
  (Be aware that some SDKs don't support Side Effects.)

> - **Workflow Update received**. An [Update](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#sending-updates) is received when you handle it or when your [Update Validator](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#update-validators) rejects it.

Reviewer: `processed`? I use processed for "accepted/rejected" on server side.

Reviewer 2: @drewhoskins-temporal Is it fair to say that "An Action occurs when an [Update](....) is received, when you handle it, or when your [Update Validator](....) rejects an update"?

Reviewer 2: (And if so, does that mean that you get 2 actions -- receive and handle, or 2 actions -- receive and reject?)

Author: @alexshtin 
Signal says "sent" 
Queries says "received"
I don't want Updates to use a _third_ word like "processed." 

I would prefer to use the same word for all of them if it's technically accurate.

> - **Workflow Update received**. An [Update](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#sending-updates) is received when you handle it or when your [Update Validator](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#update-validators) rejects it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Workflow Update received**. An Action occurs when an [Update](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#sending-updates) is received by a Worker and either processed by the Update handler, or rejected by an [Update Validator](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#update-validators).
```
